let's look now at a demonstration of
fixed limit betting all the cards are
dealt got two cards starting hands
that's Texas whole now this is a
demonstration of two for Limit Hold'em
what that means is that the initial bet
the betting amounts for preflop and the
first betting round after the flop the
betting amount is to two chips two
dollars then on the turn and the river
the betting amount is four now in that
scenario in the to four scenario the
small blind is half of the big blind so
the small blind is one big blind is to
the person to the left of the dealer's
is the forced action small blind and the
person to the left of him is the big
blind person to the left of the big
blind acts first looks at their cards
decides that they're going to fold this
person looks at his cards likes his hand
and if he wants to raise he can raise
one big blind so he says raised goes up
to four big blind is two he's got four
out there
this person can fold call or raise again
being that he's on the button he decides
he's gonna call puts his four out now
the action goes the small blind small
blind maybe he doesn't like his hand but
it's only three chips to call he decides
to call the big line he's gonna probably
stay in no matter what because if you do
the math here he's got one two three
four five six seven big blinds out there
and unless he looks at a seven deuce
he's probably gonna call
because he's getting seven to one on his
money